<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conref" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title><ph>(ph)_0_Conref overview</ph></title>
 <shortdesc><ph conref="../../common/conref-file.dita#reuse_file/conref-shortdesc"/></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>conref<indexterm>(indexterm)_2_overview</indexterm><indexterm>(indexterm)_3_pull</indexterm><indexterm>(indexterm)_4_push</indexterm><indexterm>(indexterm)_5_range</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <p><ph>(ph)_6_This topic</ph> uses the definitions of <xref href="dita-terminology.dita#terminology/referenced-element"/> and <xref href="dita-terminology.dita#terminology/referencing-element"/> as defined in <xref href="dita-terminology.dita"/>.</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>(dt)_10_Pulling content to the referencing element</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>When the <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_11_conref</xmlatt> or <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_12_conkeyref</xmlatt> attribute is used alone,
            the referencing element acts as a placeholder for the referenced element, and the
            content of the referenced element is rendered in place of the referencing element.</p>
          <p>The combination of the <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_13_conrefend</xmlatt> attribute with either
              <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_14_conref</xmlatt> or <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_15_conkeyref</xmlatt> specifies a range of elements
            that is rendered in place of the referencing element. <ph>(ph)_16_Although
              the start and end elements must be of the same type as the referencing element (or
              specialized from that element type), the elements inside the range can be any
              type.</ph></p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>(dt)_17_Pushing content from the referencing element</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>The <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_18_conaction</xmlatt> attribute reverses the direction of reuse from pull to
            push. <ph>With a push, the referencing element is rendered before,
              after, or in place of the referenced element. The location (before, after, or in place
              of) is determined by the value of the <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_19_conaction</xmlatt> attribute.</ph>
            Because the <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_20_conaction</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_21_conrefend</xmlatt> attributes cannot
            both be used within the same referencing element, it is not possible to push a range of
            elements.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <p>(p)_22_A fragment of DITA content, such as an XML document that contains only a single paragraph
      without a topic ancestor, does not contain enough information for the conref processor to be
      able to determine the validity of a reference to it. Consequently, the value of a conref must
      specify one of the following items:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>(li)_23_A referenced element within a DITA map</li>
      <li>(li)_24_A referenced element within a DITA topic</li>
      <li>(li)_25_An entire DITA map</li>
      <li>(li)_26_An entire DITA topic</li>
    </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>