<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita_concept_topic" xml:lang="en-Us"> 
  <title>(title)_0_Concept topic</title> 
  <shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_Concept topics are specialized from topic. They include the standard topic elements,
		including the short description, prolog, a body, and related links.</shortdesc> 
  <conbody> 
	 <section id="section_4D848B0191B747918B484984C85428CF"> 
		<title>(title)_2_The purpose of the concept information type</title> 
		<p id="p_7F60F64C45A64A7EBB365B15B01C4D31">Concepts provide background that helps readers
				understand essential information about a product, a task, a process, or any other
				conceptual or descriptive information. A concept <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_3_might</ph> be an extended definition of a major abstraction such as a process
				or function. Conceptual information <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_4_might</ph> explain the
				nature and components of a product and describe how it fits into a category of
				products. Conceptual information helps readers to map their knowledge and
				understanding to the tasks they need to perform and to provide other essential
				information about a product, process, or system. </p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_2DC5BBC98C344970AEEAFE4386930736"> 
		<title>(title)_5_The structure of the concept topic</title> 
		<p id="p_82479296E7724EA6B411F6E471C013DF">The concept topic is
		  specialized from the base topic information type. The top-level element for a
		  DITA concept topic is the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_6_concept</xmlelement> element. Every
		  concept topic contains the standard topic elements, including title, short
		  descriptions or abstract, prolog, a body, and related links.
		</p> 
		<p id="p_AA9812498B9E46439530EED6592FF41D">The
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_7_conbody</xmlelement> element holds the main body-level elements of
		  the concept topic. Like the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_8_body</xmlelement> element of a base topic, the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_9_conbody</xmlelement>
		  allows paragraphs, lists, tables, figures and other general elements. It also
		  provides two key elements that allow authors to subdivide the topic into parts,
		  with or without titles. These subdivisions are called sections and examples.
		  The <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_10_conbody</xmlelement> also allows 
		  <ph><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_11_div</xmlelement>,</ph>
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_12_bodydiv</xmlelement>, and <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_13_sectiondiv</xmlelement> to
		  facilitate grouping elements in the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_14_conbody</xmlelement>.
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_889B7D6FF66F4246A2A0AECE3A93CBDF"> 
		<title>Limitations within <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_15_conbody</xmlelement></title> 
		<p id="p_BD591AD8173A42E78F0B1C72EC04A179">The <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_16_conbody</xmlelement> provides for an
				unlimited number of subdivisions in the form of sections and examples. However, once
				an author decides to incorporate a section or example in the
					<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_17_conbody</xmlelement>, only additional sections or examples are
				allowed. Sections and examples <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_18_can</ph> not nest, meaning
				that only one level of subdivision is permitted in the concept topic. </p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_C436AD9878CA4D499004560EB03035C4"> 
		<title>(title)_19_Concept body primary subdivisions</title> 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_20_section</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Represents an organizational division in a concept topic. Sections organize subsets of
						information within a larger topic. You can only include a simple list of
						peer sections in a topic; sections cannot be nested. A section <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_21_can</ph> have an optional title. </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_22_example</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Provides examples that illustrate or support the current topic.
				The <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_23_example</xmlelement> element has the same content model as
				<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_24_section</xmlelement>. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
	 </section> 
	 <example id="example_49316AAC353049C38F4AD5515F07BE6C" otherprops="examples"> 
		<p id="p_9A09C26C68E24FCD96182A6E315E88B3">Following is an example of a simple concept topic. Note
				that once an example is used, it <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_25_can</ph> be followed only
				by another example or by a section. </p> 
		<codeblock>(codeblock)_26_&lt;concept id="concept"&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Bird Songs&lt;/title&gt;

&lt;shortdesc&gt;Bird songs are complex vocalizations used to attract mates or defend territories. 
&lt;conbody&gt;
  &lt;p&gt;Bird songs vary widely among species, from simple songs that are genetically imprinted to complex songs that are learned over a lifetime.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;example&gt;
   &lt;p&gt;Flycatchers know their songs from birth:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;ul&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Flycatcher songs are simple sequences of notes.&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;li&gt;Flycatcher songs never vary but are unique to each member of the Flycatcher family.&lt;/li&gt;
   &lt;/ul&gt;
  &lt;/example&gt;
 &lt;/conbody&gt;
&lt;/concept&gt;</codeblock> 
	 </example>
		<!--<section id="section_8DE1755B50F2467C8CBF989A8977F745"><title>Modules</title><p id="p_4945D50EBDEA4B3CABA783B630BA3EEC">The following DITA modules are provided for the concept topic: </p><sl><sli><filepath>concept.mod</filepath>, <filepath>concept.ent</filepath> (DTD) </sli><sli><filepath>conceptMod.xsd</filepath>, <filepath>conceptGrp.xsd</filepath> (Schema) </sli><sli rev="DITA1.3 proposal-13112"><filepath>conceptMod.rng</filepath> (RELAX NG XML syntax) </sli><sli rev="DITA1.3 proposal-13112"><filepath>conceptMod.rnc</filepath> (RELAX NG compact syntax) </sli></sl></section>--> 
  </conbody> 
</concept>