<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita_generic_task_topic" xml:lang="en-US"> 
  <title>(title)_0_General task topic</title> 
  <shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_The general-task document type was introduced in DITA 1.2. It provides a less-strict
		content model for task-oriented information than was available previously. Some
		organizations might prefer the general-task content model over the strict task model, as it
		can facilitate the migration of legacy content that does not follow the strict-task topic
		model. The general-task document type serves as the base for the strict-task and
		machine-industry-task document types. It also can be used to create new document types or
		specializations.</shortdesc> 
  <conbody> 
	 <section id="section_4B12CAE12AF84259B9DED26BC5F9FEDE"> 
		<title>(title)_2_The purpose of the general task information type</title> 
		<p>(p)_3_Like the DITA strict task document type, the general task document and information types
				contain the essential building blocks to provide procedural information. Both task
				information types answer the "How do I?" question by providing step-by-step
				instructions that detail the requirements that must be fulfilled, the actions that
				must be performed, and the order in which the actions must be performed. Both task
				topics include sections for describing the context, prerequisites, expected results,
				and other aspects of a task.</p> 
		<p id="p_14C11461E6164EEDB93CDECE17D657C5">The general task information type is specifically
				designed to accommodate task specializations that differ from the DITA task
				information type. It <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_4_might</ph> also be used for the
				conversion of loosely structured tasks from other sources into DITA before they are
				restructured to follow the more restrictive DITA task model. </p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_0C8A068CDF1D498F9FF534D3CE88CF2F"> 
		<title>(title)_5_The structure of the general task topic</title> 
		<p id="p_366CB29A7238470BA9070488F953FBDD">The
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_6_task</xmlelement> element is the top-level element for the general
		  task topic. The general task topic contains a <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_7_title</xmlelement>
		  and a <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_8_taskbody</xmlelement> with optional alternative titles
		  (<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_9_titlealts</xmlelement>), a short description or
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_10_abstract</xmlelement>, a <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_11_prolog</xmlelement>, and
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_12_related-links</xmlelement>.
		</p> 
		<p id="p_7262A46437C34654BD4E46DC49BC6FD4">(p)_13_The following elements are
		  described here because they are introduced as part of the general task model.
		  All other elements are described in the strict task topic.</p> 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_14_section</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Represents an organizational division in a task topic. Sections organize subsets of
						information within the larger topic. Sections <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_15_cannot</ph> be nested. A section <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_16_can</ph>
						have an optional <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_17_title</xmlelement>. </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_18_steps-informal</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>Describes procedural task information that would not normally be ordered as
							<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_19_steps</xmlelement>, such as a group of general procedures
						that <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_20_might</ph> all be applied in a particular
						situation. Instead of <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_21_step</xmlelement>, the
							<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_22_steps-informal</xmlelement> element uses
							<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_23_ol</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_24_ul</xmlelement> elements,
						which are less strictly defined than the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_25_step</xmlelement>
						element. When converting legacy content, it <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_26_might</ph> be simpler to convert numbered lists to
							<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_27_ol</xmlelement> elements than to
							<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_28_step</xmlelement> elements. </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_9CD7027683F049709DD7BCD431B421D8"> 
		<title>(title)_29_Comparison of general and strict task</title> 
		<p id="p_5533CE00385F44929D16A29C78727AF9">(p)_30_The following table compares
		  the structures of general and strict task:</p> 
		<table id="table_D297CDD1D8B24415A28A74A37372B423"> 
		  <tgroup cols="2"> 
			 <colspec colname="col1"/> 
			 <colspec colname="col2"/> 
			 <thead> 
				<row> 
				  <entry valign="top">(entry)_33_General taskbody</entry> 
				  <entry valign="top">(entry)_34_Strict taskbody constraint</entry> 
				</row> 
			 </thead> 
			 <tbody> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_35_prerequisite (optional, in any order, any number)</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_36_prerequisite (optional, one only, must precede context)</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_37_context (optional, in any order, any number)</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_38_context (optional, one only, must follow prerequisite)</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_39_section (optional, in any order, any number)</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_40_(not defined for strict taskbody)</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_41_steps</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_42_steps</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_43_steps-unordered</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_44_steps-unordered</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_45_steps-informal</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_46_(not defined for strict taskbody)</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_47_result (optional, one only, precedes example)</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_48_result (optional, one only, precedes example)</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_49_example (optional, any number, precedes post-req)</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_50_example (optional, one only, precedes post-req)</entry> 
				</row> 
				<row> 
				  <entry>(entry)_51_post-requisite (optional, any number)</entry> 
				  <entry>(entry)_52_post-requisite (optional, one only)</entry> 
				</row> 
			 </tbody> 
		  </tgroup> 
		</table> 
	 </section>
		<!--<section id="section_775B8F7510FF4281AB4CB26AA3508D99"><title>Modules</title><p id="p_4DFD5C03379544B19294DB24B0BB12E5">The following DITA modules are provided for the task topic. </p><sl><sli><filepath>task.mod</filepath>, <filepath>task.ent</filepath> (DTD) </sli><sli><filepath>taskMod.xsd</filepath>, <filepath>taskGrp.xsd</filepath> (Schema) </sli><sli rev="DITA1.3 proposal-13112"><filepath>taskMod.rng</filepath> (RELAX NG XML syntax) </sli><sli rev="DITA1.3 proposal-13112"><filepath>taskMod.rnc</filepath> (RELAX NG compact syntax) </sli></sl></section>--> 
  </conbody> 
</concept>