<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<reference id="lc_spec_summary_of_landt_designs" xml:lang="en-us"> 
  <title>(title)_0_Summary of learning topic, map, and domain designs</title> 
  <shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_The DITA learning and training specializations provide a set of
	 specialized DITA topics, a learning interactions domain, a learning metadata
	 domain, and a learning map domain to support creating and delivering structured
	 learning content.</shortdesc> 
  <refbody> 
	 <section id="section">
			<title>(title)_2_Learning topic types</title>
			<p>(p)_3_The following specialized DITA topic types provide support for creating learning and
				training content.</p>
			<dl id="lt_topic_types">
				<dlentry>
					<dt base="">(dt)_4_Learning Plan topic type</dt>
					<dd>(dd)_5_Describes learning needs and goals, instructional design models, task
						analyses, learning taxonomies, and other information necessary to the lesson
						planning process.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>(dt)_6_Learning Overview topic type</dt>
					<dd>(dd)_7_Identifies the learning objectives and includes other information helpful to
						the learner, such prerequisites, duration, and intended audience.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>(dt)_8_Learning Content topic type</dt>
					<dd>(dd)_9_Provides the learning content itself and enables direct use of content from
						DITA task, concept, and reference topics, as well as additional content of
						any topic type that supports specific objectives declared in the Learning
						Overview topic type.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>(dt)_10_Learning Summary topic type</dt>
					<dd>(dd)_11_Recaps and provides context for the learning objectives and provides
						guidance to reinforce learning and long-term memory.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>(dt)_12_Learning Assessment topic type</dt>
					<dd>(dd)_13_Presents instruments that measure progress, encourage retrieval, and
						stimulate reinforcement of the learning content and can be presented before
						the content as a pre-assessment or after the content as a post-assessment
						checkpoint or test.</dd>
				</dlentry>
			</dl>
		</section> 
	 <section id="section_9910707EFDAF4351BD88075E2AED7D61"> 
		<title>(title)_14_Learning map types</title> 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_15_learningGroupMap</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>A map container to enable <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_16_learningGroup</xmlelement> elements to be stored as
						separate objects and referenced by maps. </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_17_learningObjectMap</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>A map container to enable <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_18_learningObject</xmlelement> elements to be stored as
						separate objects and referenced by maps. </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_4A16E901F63A42B5AF76C899A62E6499"> 
		<title>(title)_19_Learning map domain</title> 
		<p>(p)_20_Use the learning map domain to organize groups of topics as learning
		  objects.</p> 
		<note>The learning map domain is part of the
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_21_learningMap</xmlelement> and the
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_22_learningBookmap</xmlelement> document types. As these learning map
		  structures are delivered as a domain specialization rather than as a structural
		  specialization, it is possible to extend any type of DITA map to include these
		  structures.
		</note> 
		<dl id="lt_map_domain"> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_23_learningGroup</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>A map container and optional topic reference to introduce and
				group learning objects into higher-level organizations, such as course-level,
				module-level, or lesson-level. A <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_24_learningGroup</xmlelement> can
				contain other <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_25_learningGroup</xmlelement> elements, allowing you to
				organize learning content at course, module, or other higher levels of
				hierarchy.
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_26_learningObject</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_27_A map container and optional topic reference to introduce and
				group the topic references for a learning object.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_28_learningPlanRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_29_A topic reference to a learning plan or other topic that provides
				the learning plan.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_30_learningOverviewRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_31_A topic reference to a learning overview or other topic that
				introduces the learning object.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_32_learningContentRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_33_A topic reference to a learning content topic, or a topic, task,
				concept, reference or other specialized topic.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_34_learningContentComponentRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_35_A topic reference to a learning content topic, or a topic, task,
				concept, reference or other specialized topic.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_36_learningSummaryRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_37_A topic reference to a learning summary or other topic that
				provides the summary.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_38_learningPreAssessmentRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_39_A topic reference to a learning assessment or other topic that is
				used as a pre-assessment.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_40_learningPostAssessmentRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_41_A topic reference to a learning assessment or other topic that is
				used as a post-assessment.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_42_learningObjectMapRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_43_A topic reference to a learning object.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_44_learningGroupMapRef</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_45_A topic reference to a learning group map</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_100EF14040DD40F08199CACE90162C40"> 
		<title>(title)_46_Learning interactions domain</title> 
		<p id="lt_interactions_domain">The learning
		  interactions domain defines a set of basic learning interaction elements as a
		  DITA domain. Although there are two sets of elements for interaction support,
		  the recommended set is defined in the learningDomain2 support provided in DITA
		  1.3, which supports block elements. This support deprecates original DITA 1.2
		  elements, which failed to allow block elements where needed. See 
		  <xref href="lc-spec-Overview-domains.dita"><?xm-replace_text lc-spec-Overview-domains.dita?></xref>.
		</p> 
		<p> 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_48_lcOpenQuestion2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_49_Poses an open-ended question in an assessment interaction.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_50_lcTrueFalse2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_51_Presents the learner with two choices, one correct, the other
				incorrect, often presented as true/false or yes/no responses.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_52_lcSingleSelect2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_53_Presents three or more choices, only one of which is correct.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_54_lcMultipleSelect2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_55_Presents two or more choices, two or more of which are correct.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_56_lcMatching2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_57_In a list of paired choices, the learner identifies the correct
				choice that matches another choice.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_58_lcHotspot2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_59_Presents an image, and the learner clicks on one or more regions
				to indicate a choice.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_60_lcSequencing2</xmlelement>
			 </dt> 
			 <dd>(dd)_61_Presents choices in a list that the learner must arrange in a
				correct ordered sequence.</dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_8EAA8CAC23C44E91979EFCC974651662"> 
		<title>(title)_62_Learning metadata domain</title> 
		<p>The learning metadata domain defines a set of basic learning metadata
		  elements as a DITA domain and available for use in the learning topic types, as
		  specialized <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_63_prolog</xmlelement> metadata and in the learning map
		  domain, as specialized <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_64_topicmeta</xmlelement>.
		</p> 
		<p id="lt_lcLom"><b><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_65_lcLom</xmlelement></b> makes the learning
		  metadata elements available in the learning topics and learning map domain.
		</p> 
		<p id="lt_metadata_domain">Elements in <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_66_lcLom</xmlelement>
		  include:
		<ul id="ul_9A40E011156149E1952341A9DBEDB1D1"> 
		  <li id="li_02F40DF1A12E4616951AA560D24574BF"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_67_lomAggregationLevel</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_8ED802E6E2234137AB3E333626361707"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_68_lomContext</xmlelement> 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_F18BB22C3DC84F83955210ECDA2F9772"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_69_lomCoverage</xmlelement> 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_7C09DE88B19F493E81D0315781670787"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_70_lomDifficulty</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_FD434F3927C0439BA11D2166C741231B"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_71_lomInstallationRemarks</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_3545741F72C34F0ABC46DEE83E58EC3D"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_72_lomIntendedUserRole</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_63DEC5CF76DB45A194F4A89B8A7EB0BF"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_73_lomInteractivityLevel</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_5C2AE25B64D64021BC09431DE217DCD2"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_74_lomInteractivityType</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_3A0C614A43F84522B49624EB36910C46"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_75_lomLearningResourceType</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_8EA2F6CB22EA4E868F2A252B5AFEDE94"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_76_lomOtherPlatformRequirements</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_379FD94BF1F44F6FA7DEA55EB6C2E130"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_77_lomSemanticDensity</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_2C872853DA7D4408A7BEC6C1A635B5E6"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_78_lomStructure</xmlelement> 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_DE1044F13C2D496EA8B0EAE21BC896E2"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_79_lomTechRequirement</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_2009535DD8F0495B8158152D68C9A190"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_80_lomTypicalAgeRange</xmlelement>
			 
		  </li> 
		  <li id="li_90BEF8E0EA314DF3A0F2B6F228AFB858"><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_81_lomTypicalLearningTime</xmlelement>
		  </li> 
		</ul>
		</p> 
	 </section> 
	 <section id="section_E7D4AB0256004EE5AF7E057C9463138E"> 
		<title>(title)_82_Instructor notes</title> 
		<p>The learning interactions domain also makes available an
		  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_83_lcInstructornote</xmlelement> element for providing
		  instructor-specific information.
		</p> 
	 </section> 
  </refbody> 
</reference>