<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_cvq_vzc_ll" xml:lang="en-us"> 
  <title>(title)_0_Support for learningDomain1 and learningDomain2</title> 
  <shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_Many questions require multiple block elements for the question
		statement ("prompt" or "stimulus" in instructional design parlance) and for feedback. The
		DITA 1.2 interaction design, learningDomain (and referred to informally as "learning 1"),
		only allows for a single paragraph question and single-paragraph feedback. The
		learningDomain2 design allows block elements with question statements, answer content, and
		feedback.</shortdesc> 
  <conbody> 
	 <p id="p_AA53EF6B42C24421BFBF5ACD84329208">The DITA 1.3 learningDomain2
		support deprecates the DITA 1.2 learningDomain1, but enables backward
		compatibility by redefining the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_2_learningAssessment</xmlelement>
		topic with the option of using either the DITA 1.2 support or the DITA 1.3
		support or both. 
	 </p>
		<note>(note)_3_The OASIS-provided document-type shells that integrate the learning
			domains integrate both the learning and learning2 domains. The learning and training
			modules include constraint modules that allow only the learning or only the learning2
			domain; these constraint modules can be integrated into custom document-type
			shells.</note> 
	 <section id="section_95070B5E06F6489A94C301B0D77DF71E"> 
		<title>(title)_4_learningDomain2</title> 
		<p id="p_944336371768464583A51A027C145AFF">(p)_5_DITA 1.3 defines two new domains for the learning and
				training vocabulary: interactionBase2Domain and learning2Domain. These two new
				domains mirror the existing interactionBase and learning domains, but they provide a
				base model that allows multi-paragraph questions, answers, and feedback. The new
				domains are otherwise semantically identical to the original domains.</p> 
		<dl> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>(dt)_6_learningInteractionBase2Domain</dt> 
			 <dd> 
				<dl> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_7_lcInteractionBase2</xmlelement> 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd> 
						<p id="p_0A42EF01DF374B30B74E28D4EEA0FC1F">The
						  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_8_lcInteractionBase2</xmlelement> element differs from
						  <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_9_lcInteractionBase</xmlelement> as follows: 
						</p> 
						<ul id="ul_txj_bq1_4f"> 
						  <li id="li_8A7641896CEC45B0A0883F8440FBCD19">Is a
							 specialization of <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_10_div</xmlelement> rather than
							 <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_11_fig</xmlelement>. It removes the content limitations that were
							 imposed by <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_12_fig</xmlelement>, such as the inability to include
							 <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_13_table</xmlelement>. The 1.3 specialization allows all content
							 allowed in <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_14_div</xmlelement>. 
						  </li> 
						  <li id="li_5FAE69E134884C938A566DF4BF4A1991">Uses
							 <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_15_lcQuestionBase2</xmlelement> in place of
							 <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_16_lcQuestionBase</xmlelement> to allow multiple paragraphs within its
							 content. 
						  </li> 
						  <li id="li_16D4124BE6814C3C91C24512882E05B7">Makes <xmlatt>(xmlatt)_17_id</xmlatt> attribute optional
for all interactions. </li> 
						</ul> 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_18_lcQuestionBase2</xmlelement> 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_19_lcQuestionBase2</xmlelement> element is
						also a specialization of <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_20_div</xmlelement> and allows the same
						content as <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_21_div</xmlelement>. <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_22_div</xmlelement> allows
						all content that occurs in <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_23_body</xmlelement> except
						<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_24_section</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_25_bodydiv</xmlelement>. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				  <dlentry> 
					 <dt><xmlelement>(xmlelement)_26_lcInteractionLabel2</xmlelement> 
					 </dt> 
					 <dd>The <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_27_lcInteractionLabel2</xmlelement> is a
						specialization of <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_28_p</xmlelement> and replaces the use of
						<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_29_title</xmlelement>. This element is necessary because
						<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_30_div</xmlelement> does not allow <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_31_title</xmlelement>. 
					 </dd> 
				  </dlentry> 
				</dl> 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		  <dlentry> 
			 <dt>(dt)_32_learning2Domain</dt> 
			 <dd>The learning2Domain is closely modeled on the 1.2 learningDomain.
				It defines new versions of each of the interaction types, each of which are
				specialized from <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_33_lcInteractionBase2</xmlelement>. The
				learning2Domain is not dependent on the original learningDomain. The
				learning2Domain can be used by itself or integrated along with the
				learningDomain. 
			 </dd> 
		  </dlentry> 
		</dl> 
	 </section> 
  </conbody>
</concept>