<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<reference id="lcOverview_problem" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>(title)_0_Overview</title>
<shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_The DITA learning and training specializations address several important requirements facing
  developers and consumers of instructional content.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section id="section"><p>(p)_2_Today's learners confront a complex world with many inter-related
bits and pieces of information, many different ways to access that
information, and a strong need to identify the connection points,
the objectives, and the context for what to know and what to learn.</p><p>In this environment, developers of learning and training content
face many challenges, including:<ul>
<li>(li)_3_How to find the context for developing and delivering the right
content to the right person at the right time?</li>
<li>(li)_4_How to identify the learning goals and objectives?</li>
<li>(li)_5_Who and how many are the audiences?</li>
<li>(li)_6_How to pull together and integrate content from many different
sources and content providers?</li>
<li>(li)_7_How to enable customers and partners to add, integrate, assemble,
and deliver their own content?</li>
</ul></p><p>These key challenges and issues for delivery of learning
and training content mirror long-standing pain points and requirements
for content delivery in general. <ul>
<li>(li)_8_Content consumers value consistency of content and learning experiences.</li>
<li>(li)_9_They desire management of content to make it shareable across
and within teams.</li>
<li>(li)_10_They seek to simplify the information needed to support the complex
environments.</li>
<li>(li)_11_Finally, they want a content development process that can enable
the assembly and delivery of custom content that addresses specific
learning contexts and use cases.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>