<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="mathML-and-equation-domains" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>(title)_0_MathML and equation domains</title>
 <shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_The MathML and equation domains provide general containers for equations (inline, block,
  and display) and an integration with the MathML standard. The equation containers identify
  equations separate from the data that provides the equation content, which might take many forms,
  including MathML markup, images, and non-XML formats like TeX and ASCII equations.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>(p)_2_These two domains provide support for mathematics elements:</p>
  <dl>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>(dt)_3_MathML domain</dt>
    <dd>Provides the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_4_mathml</xmlelement> element, which is a specialization of
      <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_5_foreign</xmlelement>. The <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_6_mathml</xmlelement> element can contain
     direct MathML markup, or it can use the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_7_mathmlref</xmlelement> element to include
     MathML markup that is stored in a separate, non-DITA document. When this domain is integrated
     without additional constraints, the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_8_mathml</xmlelement> element is allowed wherever
      <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_9_foreign</xmlelement> is allowed. </dd>
    <dd>The equation domain elements can be used to distinguish equations semantically. While
     authors can include the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_10_mathml</xmlelement> element directly in content, the
     recommended best practice is to always include <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_11_mathml</xmlelement> within one of
     the equation domain elements or their semantic equivalent in a non-OASIS-defined DITA
     vocabulary.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>(dt)_12_Equation domain</dt>
    <dd>Provides the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_13_equation-inline</xmlelement>,
      <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_14_equation-block</xmlelement>, and <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_15_equation-figure</xmlelement>
     elements. This domain can be used independently of the MathML domain. The elements in the
     equation domain enable authors to clearly distinguish equations from other type of content;
     these markup distinctions can enable formatting distinctions, numbering of equations, and more. </dd>
   </dlentry>
  </dl>
 </conbody>
</concept>