<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-1" xml:lang="en-us"> 
  <title>(title)_0_The xNAL domain</title> 
  <shortdesc>(shortdesc)_1_The DITA xNAL domain specialization defines a number of metadata
	 elements and attributes that are useful in representing personal/organizational
	 names and addresses. The metadata can be used to identify authors and content
	 owners. The OASIS xNAL Standard (extensible Name and Address Langauge) was
	 selected to represent close mappings from the DITA bookmap metadata content
	 model to an existing standard. xNAL is included in the Bookmap and the
	 LearningBookmap document types.</shortdesc> 
  <conbody> 
	 <p id="p_101BB5248AF34C8BAF2E39C65C5F9AEA">The OASIS Customer Information
		Quality (CIQ) standard for global-customer information management contains the
		definition of the 
		<xref format="html" href="http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/ciq/ciq.html#4" scope="external">(xref)_2_OASIS extensible Name and Address Language (xNAL)</xref>
		metadata elements. Version 2 of the standard states:
	 </p> 
	 <lq> 
		<p id="p_7481A6358B3F4ACBB1884CA49C2E7889">(p)_3_The objective of xNAL is to
		  describe a common structure for Personal/Organization Names and Addresses that
		  would enable any applications that want to represent customer names and
		  addresses in a common standard format. The applications could be CRM/e-CRM,
		  Customer Information Systems, Data Quality (Parsing, Matching, Validation,
		  Verification, etc.), Customer Data Warehouses, Postal services, etc.</p> 
		<p id="p_B2A3902A494A4E73ABB67F549F763A8B">However, any party for its own purposes and
				applications <ph rev="public-review-1">(ph)_4_can</ph> use xNAL grammar or parts of it. </p> 
	 </lq> 
	 <p id="p_1D6422AC22C14BCBA512FD26969242A6">(p)_5_The DITA xNAL specialization is
		based on the OASIS extensible Name and Address Language metadata elements. Due
		to differences between the two processing architectures, the DITA xNAL domain
		does not incorporate all of the definitions from the OASIS xNAL standard
		directly. Instead, there is a transformational equivalence between
		the DITA and OASIS xNAL definitions for names and addresses. This equivalence
		enables XML-aware tools in workflow systems to capture and manipulate names and
		addresses in a standard manner.</p> 
	 <p id="p_678781B91F4842898DE7E301F0E45C40">The xNAL domain is available for
		use in the <xmlelement>(xmlelement)_6_bookmap</xmlelement> and
		<xmlelement>(xmlelement)_7_learningBookmap</xmlelement> document types, which are distributed
		as part of the DITA 1.3 specification. It can be included in specialized DITA
		document types that require metadata for names and addresses.
	 </p> 
  </conbody> 
</concept>